added another way to get ansible plays (#13349)
netdata/netdata: docs/guides/deploy/ansible.md

rm -rf community
```

> Or if you don't want to clone entire repository, use gitzip browser extention to get netdata-agent-deployment directory as a zip file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or if you don't want to clone the entire repository, use the [gitzip browser extension](https://gitzip.org/) to get the netdata-agent-deployment directory as a zip file.
```
